Rio.
Don't come over here.
Rio let you escape, right?
Teenage girls,
the money, the man in the car…
There is one possible situation here.
You got a letter in the mail,
so I included it in the package.
TO MIYAKO ISHIOKA
FROM YUI SOMA
Don't blackmail that person for money!
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11TH 2023
You'll get yourself in trouble.
I'm not blackmailing.
She gave it to me.
She said it was pocket money.
That amount is not pocket money.
How much? A million?
-What?
-It's fine.
She looked like she had money.
It's a bad idea.
Anyways,
promise me you'll never get involved.
Why do you hate her so much?
Chi was the only one
who helped us.
She didn't help us.
-You know that, right?
-I know.
That's why it's okay for us
to take her money.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 21ST, 2023
Good morning to all passers-by!
Good job on your commute.
Is there anybody out there who can see us?
Are there any ghosts here?
Please tell us how to pass on
and enter nirvana?
I didn't think we'd start here again.
Coming.
-Nice to meet you.
-Thank you for your help today. Come in.
-Excuse me.
Good morning!
Thanks for coming on your day off.
That's…
I put it on.
Well, it looks like
there aren't any ghosts.
Ma, don't you have any ghost friends?
I had a few before. Like one or two.
-But they all suddenly disappeared.
-Suddenly?
After all, when you pass on,
it's the same as in this life.
Maybe you just disappear without warning.
Let's go to the station
where there's more people.
-Morning.
-Good morning.
You're persistent. How many times
have you watched this?
The way you see it changes
depending on the situation.
My eyes are killing me.
Presbyopia in your thirties is bad,
isn't it?
-Did I catch a cold?
-So…
-What did you want to talk to me about?
-Well…
Naoki Torino
was killed trying to return
the five million to Rio Ozaki.
If we can trace the source
of the money that Rio Ozaki had,
we might be able to solve the whole case.
It's just…
That's what your
ghost friend told you, right?
Is there any way to make
this information official?
Why don't you ask Yui Soma
to speak for you?
Wouldn't that encourage perjury?
Yeah, probably.
If they find out, she'll be suspected.
That's no good. Even so, Ms. Soma would…
She would do anything for Naoki Torino.
It's not just about the case.
She has no hesitation
in continuing to live with Naoki Torino
despite him being a ghost.
She'll never give up on the one she loves.
That's who she is.
-So, you went on a date and fell in love.
-Huh?
What are you saying?
I'm just doing my job.
So why not use the ghost's statement then?
Don't get all emotional and dump it on me.
I'm sorry.
Ah, Uozumi.
Please help me. Yui is moving
into my place. Please stop her.
-Seriously?
-Yeah.
-No, the meeting's about to start.
-Can you just call her then?
Yui is acting on impulse
and getting ahead of herself.
I don't want to confine Yui's life.
-Are you kidding me?
-I'm not kidding.
Whenever you get emotional
and I look into your eyes,
you possess my body.
-Oh? Then…
-No.
-No. Please stop.
-Why?
You know how it works.
I can just go in and out…
See it from the perspective
of the one who's being possessed.
-Hey, Uozumi. Hey!
-No…
-Hey!
No.
Uozumi, you want to take
a break for a while?
If a detective
does anything wrong on the job,
they're removed from the line of duty.
Toughness is required,
physically and mentally.
-Yes.
-I just lost trust.
That of those around me.
Do you understand?
I'm sorry. Really.
I didn't mean to compromise your trust.
I relied on you a little too much.
But I want to get to
the bottom of this case too.
I'm so sorry.
No,
it's just…
I feel the same way too.
Why did you have to die
in the first place?
I'm frustrated too.
So,
let's do this together.
You're…
a really nice guy.
Wow. Your husband was that popular?
He was popular
throughout the entire hospital.
He was kind, brilliant, good-looking,
and had a great personality.
Thanks.
He sounds like Mr. Perfect.
Does such a person exist?
He existed.
But, I wasn't interested in him at all.
So you didn't like him at the time.
I originally had no interest
in dating or marriage.
I respected Woo Jin a lot, but…
But, then what?
You suddenly fell for Woo Jin?
He asked me to go out with him.
-Oh my god.
-Then it was hell.
Hell?
I liked him too much. I panicked.
How cute.
I wanted to do my job, but I couldn't.
So I asked him to break up with me.
You're so committed.
So, what did Woo Jin do?
He said, "Then let's get married."
How romantic!
He proposed after three weeks of dating.
Wow.
Even my parents thought it was a scam
until the day of our wedding.
I partially thought so too.
So,
do you have a picture of Woo Jin?
I'd like to see him.
I threw them all away.
I even erased the pictures on my phone.
I try to think of it as a dream.
In fact, it was like a dream.
Does thinking that make you feel better?
It does now.
I see.
Excuse me.
Coming.
We're finished. Can you sign for it?
-Yes.
-Oh, and there's someone else here.
Sorry. There's a leak
in the ceiling downstairs.
May I take a look at your plumbing?
-Go ahead.
-Excuse me.
-Please sign here.
-Alright.
-Thank you very much for your help.
-Thank you.
If you contact the sales office,
we can pick up the cardboard boxes too.
Got it.
-We'll be off.
-Thank you very much.
Everything's fine here.
-Okay.
-Excuse me.
TO RIO
Coming.
Hello--
Huh?
She's the one who saved Yui before.
-Excuse me, um…
-What brings you here, Mr. Uozumi?
-Naoki came to tell me something, right?
-Yeah.
-Don't just--
-I've…
I already moved out of my place,
so give up, okay?
Don't do that without telling me.
Can we talk about this later, please?
Did something happen?
I thought so.
Thank you.
Here.
Naoki's here too.
Probably right here.
Hello.
He said, "Hello."
Now then,
I don't even know where to begin.
Anyway, I'm against you buying--
If I'm gonna live here for 10-20 years,
I might as well buy it.
Um…
Twenty years? Get a grip.
Don't say things before I relay.
Also, watch your tone.
Aren't you being cold?
-Cold?
-Oh, no…
Sorry.
Can I ask something?
Sorry for only talking among ourselves.
First of all,
whether Naoki will disappear or not…
I think we should be clear on that.
You are very…
frank, aren't you.
You're off today, right?
There's a place I want you to take me.
In the end, we never told
Uozumi about Woo Jin.
It's okay. I enjoyed talking to him.
I thought, "What if I fall in love
with him again?"
So I was a bit worried about that.
-What did you think?
-He's completely different.
But he's a very nice man.
I'll leave this box for tomorrow.
Why didn't you call me when you were
in so much trouble?
MARCH 2022
What? Your wrist?
-Are you okay? What about work?
-I'm fine.
There was a fight in front of the store,
so I stepped in.
They've apologized to me.
I didn't want you to worry.
You always say that.
You keep quiet about the important things,
don't you?
I don't want you to worry about me.
I don't want you to feel bad
because of me.
-But you know…
-That's enough.
I don't want to only go through
the good times with you.
I said that's enough.
I'm leaving.
What?
You're the one who came back.
Sis.
Hi. Nice to meet you.
I've heard a lot about you already.
You can see ghosts?
Yes, since I was young.
Sorry for greeting you so normally.
Please come in too.
Hey, if you're going to do this,
take me with you.
You're terrible.
Ma… sorry.
You're slow.
So she wants you to keep
living with her as a ghost.
I'm having a hard time
because she's so stubborn.
That's how much she cares about you.
I know, but…
I'm jealous.
I wish I experienced love
while I was alive.
I'd enter nirvana just with that.
Well,
I know I'm a happy guy, but…
Then there's the option
of giving her what she wants,
isn't there?
If you are able to stay on this earth.
Why am I still here in the first place?
Maybe it's because
you have lingering regrets.
You want to be able to come
to terms with your death.
Having those thoughts could
be causing lingering feelings.
Then what will happen to Naoki
once the case is solved?
I think he'll disappear.
And how about me?
Maybe you're just looking for
something to hold on to.
-I'm sorry I said you'd disappear.
-No, it's fine.
Death…
is unreasonable.
But in a way, it makes us equal.
I think it has to be equal.
Yeah.
CRAM SCHOOL
OPEN 24 HOURS
I thought you and Naoki would get married.
But isn't it hard,
to live there alone without Naoki?
Yeah.
Actually…
Naoki's still here.
He's with me now
as a ghost.
Although, I think he went
somewhere else today.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you.
Huh?
No…
I know you don't believe me.
No, I believe you. It's just…
Let's say it is true…
Can you talk to Naoki normally?
No, I can't see him or hear him.
-So then…
-But…
We can communicate with
"Yes" or "No" questions.
And there's someone who can talk to Naoki.
He happens to be a police officer,
and through him…
A police officer?
Then, he should know about the case.
He can ask Naoki about who killed him.
That's the thing…
He doesn't seem to remember
anything about how he died.
Is that so?
I'm sorry for saying weird things.
Are you alright, Yui?
If you're having a hard time,
I know people who can help you with that.
-Eisuke.
-Yeah?
For 8x8, it's, "He ate and ate
until he sticks in the door," right?
No, it's "He ate and ate
until he got sick on the floor."
Either is fine.
Whichever is easier to remember.
Great job, you two.
-So, I'm right?
-Me too?
Yes, you're both right. Good job.
-I should head back to work.
-Oh, of course.
Eisuke, you're just like Masaru.
Bring Naoki next time.
I want to meet him too.
I will.
Okay, I'm going. Watch this.
Woah! He disappeared!
-Whoa!
-He's back!
-Wow!
-It's amazing, isn't it?
-Do it again!
-Okay.
Are you still worried about something?
No…
I just wonder what my regrets are.
I certainly would like to know
about the case.
But I don't think
that's what I regret the most.
What do you think it is?
It's the same for you.
You don't want your children
to be in danger, do you?
-Wait!
-Yeah.
Well, I can't touch you, anyway.
-They're very important to you.
-I'm catching up to you.
So maybe my only regret is…
that I'm still worried about Yui.
Yeah.
Also, I…
I didn't tell her properly.
I think I might
have some regrets about it.
Hey, can I
play with these kids a little more?
-I want to keep doing this.
-Go ahead.
I want to do this forever.
Yes! I'm gonna possess you guys!
-I'll be going.
-Okay.
Come back if you need anything.
-Thank you very much.
-Sure.
-Thanks.
I think you're starting to understand too.
I don't know, I'm not the spiritual type--
Not that.
You care about someone a lot.
You're kind, but you're insensitive
to your own self.
What's this all of the sudden.
Never mind. Here, take this.
You look like you've lost weight.
Take care of yourself.
Don't possess them! Got it?
I understand what your sister is saying.
Can I confirm one thing?
When you have no more regrets,
will you disappear of your own accord?
Once I…
feel satisfied, I want to disappear.
-Tell her.
-Is that…
what you want to tell her?
What is it?
Please tell her.
Once he feels satisfied,
he wants to disappear.
I understand Naoki's feelings.
But,
can you wait…
for my answer?
Let's take a break.
Here.
Thank you.
Wow. What lovely apples.
I wish I could've met your sister.
Hey, just now…
Hey, someone's…
They smell so good.
Oh, yeah.
Naoki said he could smell things.
Naoki.
Smell this apple.
Naoki?
Huh?
-He's gone.
-Huh?
Where did he go?
How strange.
Why so sudden?
It's fine.
As long as he has regrets,
he won't disappear.
Maybe he remembered something
he needed to take care of.
He said he wants to disappear.
He didn't have to say it so bluntly.
I…
won't give up.
He's going to disappear, right?
That's absolutely terrifying.
Even though I'm the one who's alive,
I can't accept it
as easily as Naoki can.
If I did, it would make Naoki
miserable, wouldn't it?
Sorry for saying all this to you.
It'll be fine.
He'll be back soon.
Let's have some apples.
Oh, I'll make tea.
A large helping of milk, right?
I…
-I'm leaving.
-Huh?
It's against the rules.
-Excuse me.
-No, wait…
Oh?
Hey, did you see a ghost just now?
Hey, what are you doing out here?
Go and take back what you said.
-Huh?
-You said you wanted to disappear.
Why would you say that?
Consider the feelings of those around you.
Even if it's a lie,
tell her that you'll be with her.
Uozumi,
you love Yui, don't you?
What…
Huh? What…
I mean, you heard it yourself, right?
From your sister and the senior detective.
-You know. Don't try to fool me.
-I'm trying so hard.
Trying to hide my feelings.
I'm trying to cover them up
and make them go away.
Why are you going out of your way
to shove it in my face?
Because I'm pissed off!
You know how this relationship works,
and yet your feelings for Yui are
written all over your face.
Ah, sorry.
Assuming, of course, that it's true.
Assuming…
that is the case…
It's too complicated.
-Huh?
-I thought it was wonderful.
That she was so in love with you.
It's amazing.
Incredible.
That's what I thought.
I love her
for loving you so much.
So, you're…
in love with her.
But, I'm going to disappear.
Don't say it so easily
that you're going to disappear.
Yui… Oh, sorry.
-Soma--
-You can call her Yui.
But don't ever drop the formalities.
Yui…
will be sad.
There's nothing I can do about it.
You heard what your sister said.
Death is unreasonable but equal.
Aren't you scared?
I'm terrified.
What the hell?
Saying I'll disappear.
But…
Just because I'm scared,
I don't want to cling to Yui
and mess up her life.
That wouldn't be right.
But,
even so,
I don't want
Yui to be with someone else
even if I'm dead.
I hate myself for saying that.
I'm a mess too.
But,
I'm saying all this stuff, but…
I just…
I just want Yui to smile.
That's all.
Hey… what's wrong?
If…
there's anything
you really want to tell Yui,
please, by all means,
use my body.
You'd be seeing her with my eyes,
and she'd be hearing you with my voice,
so I feel very sorry about that, but…
I'm sure there are many things
you want to tell Yui directly.
I'm sure…
there are a lot of things.
Whenever you need to,
don't hesitate.
Please use my body.
Thank you.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
You guys
are the best.
FEBRUARY 23RD, 2023
And what are you going to eat?
I'm going to go eat meat.
-"Dear Rio."
-You're a meat lover then?
"I can't get through to you
on the phone anymore,
so I'm writing to the address I found
on your store's card.
I hope you receive it.
I remembered the old days."
TO MIYAKO ISHIOKA
"You told me not to remember,
so I'm sorry.
Do you remember going
to the amusement park?
Suzuka Takahara was with us.
On that day you said to me,
'Don't come over here.'"
Don't come over here.
"You said it the other day.
I thought for a long time
about what you meant.
Rio,
You were trying to protect me,
weren't you?
You told me to not remember.
Is it because if I remember,
then I'll be in danger?"
Chi was the only one…
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 11TH, 2023
…who helped us.
She didn't help us.
-You know that, right?
-I know.
That's why it's fine to take her money.
Are you really going to ask her for more?
She said,
"How much do you want this time?"
What?
If that's what you intend to do,
I won't come see you anymore.
-Sorry.
-Wait.
-You can't.
-In that case--
Then how about this?
I bet that Naoki Torino guy is
going to bring your five million.
-Give me that.
-You want more money?!
Spending money
makes me feel better.
Give me the five million
and I'll cut ties with Chi.
Really?
Please, don't leave me.
Okay.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 12TH, 2023
FROM SUZU
KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT
IF YOU DON'T WANT TO END UP LIKE THIS
"If you're alone right now
and you're feeling scared,
I want to be able to help you this time.
You might not know
my contact information
so I'll write it down."
I'll watch it too. I'm not busy.
Oh, that helps.
-What's wrong?
-Oh, I just felt a chill.
Don't worry about it.
Just go sleep over there.
Well, I'll take your word for it.
Wait, this man…
Huh?
-I think he's the delivery service guy.
-What?
Can you rewind it back a little?
No.
Isn't he too young?
He looks like a college student.
They look alike. And he's not that young.
They do look similar.
Did he know Suzuka Takahara?
If he knew her,
he might've left something at her place.
Then we might be able to ID him.
We've already renovated the place.
Is that so?
So there might not be physical evidence…
Um…
Do you know this man?
He used to come to Ms. Takahara's.
Well, I never saw this
type of guy with her--
-Uh, that, over there.
-What?
Where did you get that bag?
Ms. Takahara gave me some apples before
as a thank you gift for receiving
her mail packages.
We found a clue.
Kinari Tanaka, 37 years old.
He was sentenced to prison
for assault 15 years ago.
He lived in Urano for two years after his
release, but we have no current address.
Fingerprints found on the paper bag
match those in the database.
In addition,
the DNA type of Kinari Tanaka and
the DNA type attached to
Suzuka Takahara's nails
are a match.
Let's get an arrest warrant
for Kinari Tanaka.
Yes, sir.
INCOMING CALL
Hello?
Rio?
It's Rio, right?
I'm sorry…
Are you okay?
…about Naoki.
It wasn't you, right?
No, it wasn't me.
But…
It might've been my fault.
Where are you?
-Let's meet and talk.
-No.
It's too dangerous.
Rio,
you saved me, didn't you?
If I…
do nothing and I'm
the only one who's safe.
I couldn't forgive myself.
So, please.
I want to know what happened.
Are you okay with
meeting me?
I'll come over now.
But don't tell anyone.
Even the police.
I won't.
What? Rio's been spotted?
We don't know if it's her yet.
They saw a woman who looked like her.
The regional agent's following her.
If it's her, he'll move in.
-Got it.
-Let's go.
Yes, sir.
SPECIAL INVESTIGATION FORCE
The woman in front of the museum
is who we might be looking for.
We have visual of her.
That's her, isn't it?
-Shall we question her?
-Uozumi.
Keep your distance.
-Tajima, you take the rear.
-Roger that.
I'll stand by the vehicle just in case.
Yui?
SMILE GENERAL SERVICES
That van…
Chi…
Long time no see.
Rio, you're as beautiful as ever.
Not good. Let's hold them off.
Yui!
Mr. Uozumi.
What are you doing?
Get in.
Rio!
SMILE GENERAL SERVICES
Identified. Kinari Tanaka in
the driver's seat. A black one-box car.
Headed straight at the museum T-junction,
fleeing towards the harbor.
Why…?
Target on the move. Please follow.
Vehicle license plate number
Yokohama, number 301…
One, seven, two, three…
Mr. Uozumi?
The suspect, Rio Ozaki,
and one other are riding together…
Please hurry.
What's wrong? Are you okay?
I see.
Our ancestors wrote the same thing here.
"Some people have the ability
to communicate with spirits.
Some can be possessed by ghosts.
In that case…"
Are you okay, Mr. Uozumi?
"…the person must quickly
leave the spirit,
or their life will be cut away
and they will perish."
Are you okay, Mr. Uozumi?
Mr. Uozumi!
The ghosts are killing you!
Please do not meet Naoki anymore.
Thank you for everything, Mr. Uozumi.
I am so sorry.
It's up to you, Rio.
Stop it.
Someone help! Yui!